
How did viewing a diff between two verions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It's will let my see what was change between a working one and a not working one.
Then I can go over every change and chack if it was ok or not.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

If i have the entire history i can quickly check new stuff, like a new add on and i will alwayes a virson to fell back.
Plus i can make differnt virsion of my project just by adding a new thing to one and than adding another to other one.



What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pro: Better verison contorll since you chose when to save.
Better commit beacuse you need to add a text about what you did.

Cons: The user might not remmber to save.



Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I think that git let you commit multiple file beacuse alot of the time you will have acople of file which depend on each other.
While in Google Drive you dont have edit to mutipale file beacuse they genrly dont depend on each other.




How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

First you need to use git log then you can get the id of the commit you want to compere,
then you use git diff to compere.
I use that to check waht was differnt between two differnt committs



How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I think that useing version control will make me more confident to make changes beacuse i will have a working virson to fell into if somthing goes horibbly worng 




Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use it in android studio and other project and when I need to colabrit
